Hey, concubine
What I asked you to prepare is ready
Ready? Okay.
Then we're ready for the show
Your Highness really doesn't need to send additional Jin Wen
Is there no East Palace guard in the army?
It's too risky just the two of us.
How can they be so easily fooled if they don't take risks?
What's more, we have rifles in hand
No matter how much conscience they have
Can see
His Highness is so confident in this sniper rifle?
The concubine's skills have not been restored
I can only deal with it for a while
Soon you will know the power of this one
Let's look at what's called dimensionality reduction.
After the scene of the subordinates comes up
I'm also going to build a special forces unit
His Highness the Special Forces is talking nonsense again
This rifle really doesn't seem to be lethal
Too risky
Forget it, I die tonight
His Royal Highness the Crown Prince accompanies him to go crazy once
Yan Fei
I want you to serve me tonight
His Royal Highness
The concubine is coming to the moon today
It's really inconvenient to worry about you.
Are dying
What else can you do with these?
Plus tonight is exactly a hundred days
It's time to read French names
Your Highness, Crown Prince, what's the matter with you?
Let's go, sir, let's go, sir
Your Highness
What happened to His Royal Highness the Crown Prince?
Don't run away from you today
Don't blame my men for being ruthless
His Highness does not love me
Waste tonight is your death